README.md, before:

# In-app Billing Helper for all AppStores

this library is a small helper with a simple API that makes it very easy to communicate with IranApps in-app billing service.

in the project there's also a sample of how to use the helper.

### Current version 1.0.1

### Gradle Dependency (jCenter)  
Easily reference the library in your Android projects using this dependency in your module's `build.gradle` file:  
```Gradle
dependencies {
    compile 'ir.hister:billing-helper:1.0.1'
}
```
[ ![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/hister/maven/billing-helper/images/download.svg) ](https://bintray.com/hister/maven/billing-helper/_latestVersion)

---

## Permission
after including the library in your project you must add the permission of the appStore you want to use to your manifest.  
* IranApps: `<uses-permission android:name="ir.tgbs.iranapps.permission.BILLING"/>`  
* CafeBazaar: `<uses-permission android:name="com.farsitel.bazaar.permission.PAY_THROUGH_BAZAAR"/>`
* Cando: no permission required
* Myket: `<uses-permission android:name="ir.mservices.market.BILLING"/>`
* Parshub: no permission required
* Google Play: `<uses-permission android:name="com.android.vending.BILLING"/>`

## Methods You Must Override

* **in the activity that you want to do in-app billing requests create a new instance of `InAppHelper` inside `onCreate`.**  
```
@Override
public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState, PersistableBundle persistentState) {
    super.onCreate(savedInstanceState, persistentState);
    setContentView(R.layout.activity_main);
    inAppHelper = new InAppHelper(this, AppStore.IRANAPPS, new InAppHelper.InAppHelperListener() {
        @Override
        public void onConnectedToIABService() {
        }

        @Override
        public void onCantConnectToIABService(InAppError inAppError) {
        }

        @Override
        public void onConnectionLost() {
        }
    });
}
```
* **Override `onDestroy` in that activity and call `onActivityDestroy` in `InAppHelper`**  
```
@Override
protected void onDestroy() {
    super.onDestroy();
    inAppHelper.onActivityDestroy();
}
```
* **Override `onActivityResult` in that activity and call `onActivityResult` in `InAppHelper`**  
```
@Override
protected void onActivityResult(int requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data) {
    super.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data);
    inAppHelper.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data);
}
```

## Run the sample
this project is based on Android Studio.  
to localy run the sample you need to do the following:

1. download the project from [**here**](https://github.com/hister/SuperIabHelper/archive/master.zip)
2. extract the project zip
3. from Android studio go to File->import project and select the folder of extracted files
4. now run the sample module.

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## Credits

TODO: Write credits

## License

TODO: Write license

Commit message:

Update README.md for release 2.0

README.md, after:

# In-app Billing Helper for all AppStores

this library is a small helper with a simple API that makes it very easy to communicate with IranApps in-app billing service.

in the project there's also a sample of how to use the helper.

### Current version 2.0

### Gradle Dependency (jCenter)  
Easily reference the library in your Android projects using this dependency in your module's `build.gradle` file:  
```Gradle
dependencies {
    compile 'ir.hister:billing-helper:2.0'
}
```
[ ![Download](https://api.bintray.com/packages/hister/maven/billing-helper/images/download.svg) ](https://bintray.com/hister/maven/billing-helper/_latestVersion)

---

## Permission
after including the library in your project you must add the permission of the appStore you want to use to your manifest.  
* IranApps: `<uses-permission android:name="ir.tgbs.iranapps.permission.BILLING"/>`  
* CafeBazaar: `<uses-permission android:name="com.farsitel.bazaar.permission.PAY_THROUGH_BAZAAR"/>`
* Cando: no permission required
* Myket: `<uses-permission android:name="ir.mservices.market.BILLING"/>`
* Parshub: no permission required
* Google Play: `<uses-permission android:name="com.android.vending.BILLING"/>`

## Methods You Must Override

* **in the activity that you want to do in-app billing requests create a new instance of `InAppHelper` inside `onCreate`.**  
```
@Override
public void onCreate(Bundle savedInstanceState, PersistableBundle persistentState) {
    super.onCreate(savedInstanceState, persistentState);
    setContentView(R.layout.activity_main);
    inAppHelper = new InAppHelper(this, AppStore.IRANAPPS, new InAppHelper.InAppHelperListener() {
        @Override
        public void onConnectedToIABService() {
        }

        @Override
        public void onCantConnectToIABService(InAppError inAppError) {
        }

        @Override
        public void onConnectionLost() {
        }
    });
}
```
* **Override `onDestroy` in that activity and call `onActivityDestroy` in `InAppHelper`**  
```
@Override
protected void onDestroy() {
    super.onDestroy();
    inAppHelper.onActivityDestroy();
}
```
* **Override `onActivityResult` in that activity and call `onActivityResult` in `InAppHelper`**  
```
@Override
protected void onActivityResult(int requestCode, int resultCode, Intent data) {
    super.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data);
    inAppHelper.onActivityResult(requestCode, resultCode, data);
}
```

---

## Activity recreation support (config changes)
if your activity is able to be destroyed and recreated you must save and restore the InAppHelper of that activity and update the listener of any operation that is currently in progress.
for an example you can see the [BaseInAppActivity](https://github.com/hister/SuperIabHelper/blob/master/sample/src/main/java/ir/tgbs/iranapps/inappbilling/sample/activity/BaseInAppActivity.java) and the implementation of 'InAppHolderFragment' that saves the data and can be retained in activity's onCreate method(also see the onCreate() method inside BaseInAppActivity on how the InAppHelper instance is created). and see [BuyActivity](https://github.com/hister/SuperIabHelper/blob/master/sample/src/main/java/ir/tgbs/iranapps/inappbilling/sample/activity/BuyActivity.java) on how the buy product operation's listener is updated inside onCreate() method.

## Run the sample
this project is based on Android Studio.  
to localy run the sample you need to do the following:

1. download the project from [**here**](https://github.com/hister/SuperIabHelper/archive/master.zip)
2. extract the project zip
3. from Android studio go to File->import project and select the folder of extracted files
4. now run the sample module.

## Contributing

1. Fork it!
2. Create your feature branch: `git checkout -b my-new-feature`
3. Commit your changes: `git commit -am 'Add some feature'`
4. Push to the branch: `git push origin my-new-feature`
5. Submit a pull request :D

## Credits

TODO: Write credits

## License

TODO: Write license
